africa;victim.continent.name=Africa
algeria;victim.country.name=Algeria
algeria;victim.continent.name=Africa
algiers;victim.city.name=Algiers
algiers;victim.country.name=Algeria
algiers;victim.continent.name=Africa
angola;victim.country.name=Angola
angola;victim.continent.name=Africa
luanda;victim.city.name=Luanda
luanda;victim.country.name=Angola
luanda;victim.continent.name=Africa
benin;victim.country.name=Benin
benin;victim.continent.name=Africa
porto,novo;victim.city.name=Porto Novo
porto,novo;victim.country.name=Benin
porto,novo;victim.continent.name=Africa
botswana;victim.country.name=Botswana
botswana;victim.continent.name=Africa
gaborone;victim.city.name=Gaborone
gaborone;victim.country.name=Botswana
gaborone;victim.continent.name=Africa
burkina,faso;victim.country.name=Burkina Faso
burkina,faso;victim.continent.name=Africa
ouagadougou;victim.city.name=Ouagadougou
ouagadougou;victim.country.name=Burkina Faso
ouagadougou;victim.continent.name=Africa
burundi;victim.country.name=Burundi
burundi;victim.continent.name=Africa
gitega;victim.city.name=Gitega
gitega;victim.country.name=Burundi
gitega;victim.continent.name=Africa
cameroon;victim.country.name=Cameroon
cameroon;victim.continent.name=Africa
yaoundé;victim.city.name=Yaoundé
yaoundé;victim.country.name=Cameroon
yaoundé;victim.continent.name=Africa
cape,verde;victim.country.name=Cape Verde
cape,verde;victim.continent.name=Africa
praia,cape,verde;victim.city.name=Praia, Cape Verde
praia,cape,verde;victim.country.name=Cape Verde
praia,cape,verde;victim.continent.name=Africa
central,african,republic;victim.country.name=Central African Republic
central,african,republic;victim.continent.name=Africa
bangui;victim.city.name=Bangui
bangui;victim.country.name=Central African Republic
bangui;victim.continent.name=Africa
chad;victim.country.name=Chad
chad;victim.continent.name=Africa
n'djamena;victim.city.name=N'Djamena
n'djamena;victim.country.name=Chad
n'djamena;victim.continent.name=Africa
comoros;victim.country.name=Comoros
comoros;victim.continent.name=Africa
moroni,comoros;victim.city.name=Moroni, Comoros
moroni,comoros;victim.country.name=Comoros
moroni,comoros;victim.continent.name=Africa
republic,of,the,congo;victim.country.name=Republic of the Congo
republic,of,the,congo;victim.continent.name=Africa
brazzaville;victim.city.name=Brazzaville
brazzaville;victim.country.name=Republic of the Congo
brazzaville;victim.continent.name=Africa
democratic,republic,of,the,congo;victim.country.name=Democratic Republic of the Congo
democratic,republic,of,the,congo;victim.continent.name=Africa
kinshasa;victim.city.name=Kinshasa
kinshasa;victim.country.name=Democratic Republic of the Congo
kinshasa;victim.continent.name=Africa
côte,d'ivoire;victim.country.name=Côte d'Ivoire
côte,d'ivoire;victim.continent.name=Africa
yamoussoukro;victim.city.name=Yamoussoukro
yamoussoukro;victim.country.name=Côte d'Ivoire
yamoussoukro;victim.continent.name=Africa
djibouti;victim.country.name=Djibouti
djibouti;victim.continent.name=Africa
djibouti;victim.city.name=Djibouti
djibouti;victim.country.name=Djibouti
djibouti;victim.continent.name=Africa
equatorial,guinea;victim.country.name=Equatorial Guinea
equatorial,guinea;victim.continent.name=Africa
malabo;victim.city.name=Malabo
malabo;victim.country.name=Equatorial Guinea
malabo;victim.continent.name=Africa
egypt;victim.country.name=Egypt
egypt;victim.continent.name=Africa
cairo;victim.city.name=Cairo
cairo;victim.country.name=Egypt
cairo;victim.continent.name=Africa
eritrea;victim.country.name=Eritrea
eritrea;victim.continent.name=Africa
asmara;victim.city.name=Asmara
asmara;victim.country.name=Eritrea
asmara;victim.continent.name=Africa
ethiopia;victim.country.name=Ethiopia
ethiopia;victim.continent.name=Africa
addis,ababa;victim.city.name=Addis Ababa
addis,ababa;victim.country.name=Ethiopia
addis,ababa;victim.continent.name=Africa
gabon;victim.country.name=Gabon
gabon;victim.continent.name=Africa
libreville;victim.city.name=Libreville
libreville;victim.country.name=Gabon
libreville;victim.continent.name=Africa
the,gambia;victim.country.name=The Gambia
the,gambia;victim.continent.name=Africa
banjul;victim.city.name=Banjul
banjul;victim.country.name=The Gambia
banjul;victim.continent.name=Africa
ghana;victim.country.name=Ghana
ghana;victim.continent.name=Africa
accra;victim.city.name=Accra
accra;victim.country.name=Ghana
accra;victim.continent.name=Africa
guinea;victim.country.name=Guinea
guinea;victim.continent.name=Africa
conakry;victim.city.name=Conakry
conakry;victim.country.name=Guinea
conakry;victim.continent.name=Africa
guinea,bissau;victim.country.name=Guinea-Bissau
guinea,bissau;victim.continent.name=Africa
bissau;victim.city.name=Bissau
bissau;victim.country.name=Guinea-Bissau
bissau;victim.continent.name=Africa
kenya;victim.country.name=Kenya
kenya;victim.continent.name=Africa
nairobi;victim.city.name=Nairobi
nairobi;victim.country.name=Kenya
nairobi;victim.continent.name=Africa
lesotho;victim.country.name=Lesotho
lesotho;victim.continent.name=Africa
maseru;victim.city.name=Maseru
maseru;victim.country.name=Lesotho
maseru;victim.continent.name=Africa
liberia;victim.country.name=Liberia
liberia;victim.continent.name=Africa
monrovia,liberia;victim.city.name=Monrovia, Liberia
monrovia,liberia;victim.country.name=Liberia
monrovia,liberia;victim.continent.name=Africa
libya;victim.country.name=Libya
libya;victim.continent.name=Africa
tripoli;victim.city.name=Tripoli
tripoli;victim.country.name=Libya
tripoli;victim.continent.name=Africa
madagascar;victim.country.name=Madagascar
madagascar;victim.continent.name=Africa
antananarivo;victim.city.name=Antananarivo
antananarivo;victim.country.name=Madagascar
antananarivo;victim.continent.name=Africa
malawi;victim.country.name=Malawi
malawi;victim.continent.name=Africa
lilongwe;victim.city.name=Lilongwe
lilongwe;victim.country.name=Malawi
lilongwe;victim.continent.name=Africa
mali;victim.country.name=Mali
mali;victim.continent.name=Africa
bamako;victim.city.name=Bamako
bamako;victim.country.name=Mali
bamako;victim.continent.name=Africa
mauritania;victim.country.name=Mauritania
mauritania;victim.continent.name=Africa
nouakchott;victim.city.name=Nouakchott
nouakchott;victim.country.name=Mauritania
nouakchott;victim.continent.name=Africa
mauritius;victim.country.name=Mauritius
mauritius;victim.continent.name=Africa
port,louis;victim.city.name=Port Louis
port,louis;victim.country.name=Mauritius
port,louis;victim.continent.name=Africa
morocco;victim.country.name=Morocco
morocco;victim.continent.name=Africa
rabat;victim.city.name=Rabat
rabat;victim.country.name=Morocco
rabat;victim.continent.name=Africa
mozambique;victim.country.name=Mozambique
mozambique;victim.continent.name=Africa
maputo;victim.city.name=Maputo
maputo;victim.country.name=Mozambique
maputo;victim.continent.name=Africa
namibia;victim.country.name=Namibia
namibia;victim.continent.name=Africa
windhoek;victim.city.name=Windhoek
windhoek;victim.country.name=Namibia
windhoek;victim.continent.name=Africa
niger;victim.country.name=Niger
niger;victim.continent.name=Africa
niamey;victim.city.name=Niamey
niamey;victim.country.name=Niger
niamey;victim.continent.name=Africa
nigeria;victim.country.name=Nigeria
nigeria;victim.continent.name=Africa
abuja;victim.city.name=Abuja
abuja;victim.country.name=Nigeria
abuja;victim.continent.name=Africa
rwanda;victim.country.name=Rwanda
rwanda;victim.continent.name=Africa
kigali;victim.city.name=Kigali
kigali;victim.country.name=Rwanda
kigali;victim.continent.name=Africa
são,tomé,and,príncipe;victim.country.name=São Tomé and Príncipe
são,tomé,and,príncipe;victim.continent.name=Africa
são,tomé;victim.city.name=São Tomé
são,tomé;victim.country.name=São Tomé and Príncipe
são,tomé;victim.continent.name=Africa
senegal;victim.country.name=Senegal
senegal;victim.continent.name=Africa
dakar;victim.city.name=Dakar
dakar;victim.country.name=Senegal
dakar;victim.continent.name=Africa
seychelles;victim.country.name=Seychelles
seychelles;victim.continent.name=Africa
victoria,seychelles;victim.city.name=Victoria, Seychelles
victoria,seychelles;victim.country.name=Seychelles
victoria,seychelles;victim.continent.name=Africa
sierra,leone;victim.country.name=Sierra Leone
sierra,leone;victim.continent.name=Africa
freetown;victim.city.name=Freetown
freetown;victim.country.name=Sierra Leone
freetown;victim.continent.name=Africa
somalia;victim.country.name=Somalia
somalia;victim.continent.name=Africa
mogadishu,somalia;victim.city.name=Mogadishu, Somalia
mogadishu,somalia;victim.country.name=Somalia
mogadishu,somalia;victim.continent.name=Africa
south,africa;victim.country.name=South Africa
south,africa;victim.continent.name=Africa
pretoria;victim.city.name=Pretoria
pretoria;victim.country.name=South Africa
pretoria;victim.continent.name=Africa
south,sudan;victim.country.name=South Sudan
south,sudan;victim.continent.name=Africa
juba;victim.city.name=Juba
juba;victim.country.name=South Sudan
juba;victim.continent.name=Africa
sudan;victim.country.name=Sudan
sudan;victim.continent.name=Africa
khartoum;victim.city.name=Khartoum
khartoum;victim.country.name=Sudan
khartoum;victim.continent.name=Africa
swaziland;victim.country.name=Swaziland
swaziland;victim.continent.name=Africa
eswatini;victim.city.name=Eswatini
eswatini;victim.country.name=Swaziland
eswatini;victim.continent.name=Africa
tanzania;victim.country.name=Tanzania
tanzania;victim.continent.name=Africa
dodoma;victim.city.name=Dodoma
dodoma;victim.country.name=Tanzania
dodoma;victim.continent.name=Africa
togo;victim.country.name=Togo
togo;victim.continent.name=Africa
lome;victim.city.name=Lome
lome;victim.country.name=Togo
lome;victim.continent.name=Africa
tunisia;victim.country.name=Tunisia
tunisia;victim.continent.name=Africa
tunis;victim.city.name=Tunis
tunis;victim.country.name=Tunisia
tunis;victim.continent.name=Africa
uganda;victim.country.name=Uganda
uganda;victim.continent.name=Africa
kampala;victim.city.name=Kampala
kampala;victim.country.name=Uganda
kampala;victim.continent.name=Africa
western,sahara;victim.country.name=Western Sahara
western,sahara;victim.continent.name=Africa
el,aaiún;victim.city.name=El Aaiún
el,aaiún;victim.country.name=Western Sahara
el,aaiún;victim.continent.name=Africa
zambia;victim.country.name=Zambia
zambia;victim.continent.name=Africa
lusaka;victim.city.name=Lusaka
lusaka;victim.country.name=Zambia
lusaka;victim.continent.name=Africa
zimbabwe;victim.country.name=Zimbabwe
zimbabwe;victim.continent.name=Africa
harare;victim.city.name=Harare
harare;victim.country.name=Zimbabwe
harare;victim.continent.name=Africa
asia;victim.continent.name=Asia
afghanistan;victim.country.name=Afghanistan
afghanistan;victim.continent.name=Asia
kabul;victim.city.name=Kabul
kabul;victim.country.name=Afghanistan
kabul;victim.continent.name=Asia
armenia;victim.country.name=Armenia
armenia;victim.continent.name=Asia
yerevan;victim.city.name=Yerevan
yerevan;victim.country.name=Armenia
yerevan;victim.continent.name=Asia
azerbaijan;victim.country.name=Azerbaijan
azerbaijan;victim.continent.name=Asia
baku;victim.city.name=Baku
baku;victim.country.name=Azerbaijan
baku;victim.continent.name=Asia
bahrain;victim.country.name=Bahrain
bahrain;victim.continent.name=Asia
manama;victim.city.name=Manama
manama;victim.country.name=Bahrain
manama;victim.continent.name=Asia
bangladesh;victim.country.name=Bangladesh
bangladesh;victim.continent.name=Asia
dhaka;victim.city.name=Dhaka
dhaka;victim.country.name=Bangladesh
dhaka;victim.continent.name=Asia
bhutan;victim.country.name=Bhutan
bhutan;victim.continent.name=Asia
thimphu;victim.city.name=Thimphu
thimphu;victim.country.name=Bhutan
thimphu;victim.continent.name=Asia
brunei;victim.country.name=Brunei
brunei;victim.continent.name=Asia
bandar,seri,begawan;victim.city.name=Bandar Seri Begawan
bandar,seri,begawan;victim.country.name=Brunei
bandar,seri,begawan;victim.continent.name=Asia
cambodia;victim.country.name=Cambodia
cambodia;victim.continent.name=Asia
phnom,penh;victim.city.name=Phnom Penh
phnom,penh;victim.country.name=Cambodia
phnom,penh;victim.continent.name=Asia
china;victim.country.name=China
china;victim.continent.name=Asia
beijing;victim.city.name=Beijing
beijing;victim.country.name=China
beijing;victim.continent.name=Asia
east,timor;victim.country.name=East Timor
east,timor;victim.continent.name=Asia
dili;victim.city.name=Dili
dili;victim.country.name=East Timor
dili;victim.continent.name=Asia
georgia;victim.country.name=Georgia
georgia;victim.continent.name=Asia
tbilisi;victim.city.name=Tbilisi
tbilisi;victim.country.name=Georgia
tbilisi;victim.continent.name=Asia
india;victim.country.name=India
india;victim.continent.name=Asia
new,delhi;victim.city.name=New Delhi
new,delhi;victim.country.name=India
new,delhi;victim.continent.name=Asia
indonesia;victim.country.name=Indonesia
indonesia;victim.continent.name=Asia
jakarta;victim.city.name=Jakarta
jakarta;victim.country.name=Indonesia
jakarta;victim.continent.name=Asia
iran;victim.country.name=Iran
iran;victim.continent.name=Asia
tehran;victim.city.name=Tehran
tehran;victim.country.name=Iran
tehran;victim.continent.name=Asia
iraq;victim.country.name=Iraq
iraq;victim.continent.name=Asia
baghdad;victim.city.name=Baghdad
baghdad;victim.country.name=Iraq
baghdad;victim.continent.name=Asia
israel;victim.country.name=Israel
israel;victim.continent.name=Asia
jerusalem;victim.city.name=Jerusalem
jerusalem;victim.country.name=Israel
jerusalem;victim.continent.name=Asia
japan;victim.country.name=Japan
japan;victim.continent.name=Asia
tokyo;victim.city.name=Tokyo
tokyo;victim.country.name=Japan
tokyo;victim.continent.name=Asia
jordan;victim.country.name=Jordan
jordan;victim.continent.name=Asia
amman;victim.city.name=Amman
amman;victim.country.name=Jordan
amman;victim.continent.name=Asia
kazakhstan;victim.country.name=Kazakhstan
kazakhstan;victim.continent.name=Asia
nur,sultan;victim.city.name=Nur-Sultan
nur,sultan;victim.country.name=Kazakhstan
nur,sultan;victim.continent.name=Asia
kuwait;victim.country.name=Kuwait
kuwait;victim.continent.name=Asia
kuwait,city;victim.city.name=Kuwait City
kuwait,city;victim.country.name=Kuwait
kuwait,city;victim.continent.name=Asia
kyrgyzstan;victim.country.name=Kyrgyzstan
kyrgyzstan;victim.continent.name=Asia
bishkek;victim.city.name=Bishkek
bishkek;victim.country.name=Kyrgyzstan
bishkek;victim.continent.name=Asia
laos;victim.country.name=Laos
laos;victim.continent.name=Asia
vientiane;victim.city.name=Vientiane
vientiane;victim.country.name=Laos
vientiane;victim.continent.name=Asia
lebanon;victim.country.name=Lebanon
lebanon;victim.continent.name=Asia
beirut;victim.city.name=Beirut
beirut;victim.country.name=Lebanon
beirut;victim.continent.name=Asia
malaysia;victim.country.name=Malaysia
malaysia;victim.continent.name=Asia
kuala,lumpur;victim.city.name=Kuala Lumpur
kuala,lumpur;victim.country.name=Malaysia
kuala,lumpur;victim.continent.name=Asia
maldives;victim.country.name=Maldives
maldives;victim.continent.name=Asia
malé;victim.city.name=Malé
malé;victim.country.name=Maldives
malé;victim.continent.name=Asia
mongolia;victim.country.name=Mongolia
mongolia;victim.continent.name=Asia
ulaanbaatar;victim.city.name=Ulaanbaatar
ulaanbaatar;victim.country.name=Mongolia
ulaanbaatar;victim.continent.name=Asia
myanmar;victim.country.name=Myanmar
myanmar;victim.continent.name=Asia
naypyidaw;victim.city.name=Naypyidaw
naypyidaw;victim.country.name=Myanmar
naypyidaw;victim.continent.name=Asia
nepal;victim.country.name=Nepal
nepal;victim.continent.name=Asia
kathmandu;victim.city.name=Kathmandu
kathmandu;victim.country.name=Nepal
kathmandu;victim.continent.name=Asia
north,korea;victim.country.name=North Korea
north,korea;victim.continent.name=Asia
pyongyang;victim.city.name=Pyongyang
pyongyang;victim.country.name=North Korea
pyongyang;victim.continent.name=Asia
oman;victim.country.name=Oman
oman;victim.continent.name=Asia
muscat;victim.city.name=Muscat
muscat;victim.country.name=Oman
muscat;victim.continent.name=Asia
pakistan;victim.country.name=Pakistan
pakistan;victim.continent.name=Asia
islamabad;victim.city.name=Islamabad
islamabad;victim.country.name=Pakistan
islamabad;victim.continent.name=Asia
palestine;victim.country.name=Palestine
palestine;victim.continent.name=Asia
ramallah;victim.city.name=Ramallah
ramallah;victim.country.name=Palestine
ramallah;victim.continent.name=Asia
philippines;victim.country.name=Philippines
philippines;victim.continent.name=Asia
manila;victim.city.name=Manila
manila;victim.country.name=Philippines
manila;victim.continent.name=Asia
qatar;victim.country.name=Qatar
qatar;victim.continent.name=Asia
doha;victim.city.name=Doha
doha;victim.country.name=Qatar
doha;victim.continent.name=Asia
russia;victim.country.name=Russia
russia;victim.continent.name=Asia
moscow;victim.city.name=Moscow
moscow;victim.country.name=Russia
moscow;victim.continent.name=Asia
saudi,arabia;victim.country.name=Saudi Arabia
saudi,arabia;victim.continent.name=Asia
riyadh;victim.city.name=Riyadh
riyadh;victim.country.name=Saudi Arabia
riyadh;victim.continent.name=Asia
singapore;victim.country.name=Singapore
singapore;victim.continent.name=Asia
singapore;victim.city.name=Singapore
singapore;victim.country.name=Singapore
singapore;victim.continent.name=Asia
south,korea;victim.country.name=South Korea
south,korea;victim.continent.name=Asia
seoul;victim.city.name=Seoul
seoul;victim.country.name=South Korea
seoul;victim.continent.name=Asia
sri,lanka;victim.country.name=Sri Lanka
sri,lanka;victim.continent.name=Asia
sri,jayawardenapura,kotte;victim.city.name=Sri Jayawardenapura Kotte
sri,jayawardenapura,kotte;victim.country.name=Sri Lanka
sri,jayawardenapura,kotte;victim.continent.name=Asia
syria;victim.country.name=Syria
syria;victim.continent.name=Asia
damascus;victim.city.name=Damascus
damascus;victim.country.name=Syria
damascus;victim.continent.name=Asia
tajikistan;victim.country.name=Tajikistan
tajikistan;victim.continent.name=Asia
dushanbe;victim.city.name=Dushanbe
dushanbe;victim.country.name=Tajikistan
dushanbe;victim.continent.name=Asia
thailand;victim.country.name=Thailand
thailand;victim.continent.name=Asia
bangkok;victim.city.name=Bangkok
bangkok;victim.country.name=Thailand
bangkok;victim.continent.name=Asia
turkey;victim.country.name=Turkey
turkey;victim.continent.name=Asia
ankara;victim.city.name=Ankara
ankara;victim.country.name=Turkey
ankara;victim.continent.name=Asia
turkmenistan;victim.country.name=Turkmenistan
turkmenistan;victim.continent.name=Asia
aşgabat;victim.city.name=Aşgabat
aşgabat;victim.country.name=Turkmenistan
aşgabat;victim.continent.name=Asia
taiwan;victim.country.name=Taiwan
taiwan;victim.continent.name=Asia
taipei;victim.city.name=Taipei
taipei;victim.country.name=Taiwan
taipei;victim.continent.name=Asia
united,arab,emirates;victim.country.name=United Arab Emirates
united,arab,emirates;victim.continent.name=Asia
abu,dhabi;victim.city.name=Abu Dhabi
abu,dhabi;victim.country.name=United Arab Emirates
abu,dhabi;victim.continent.name=Asia
uzbekistan;victim.country.name=Uzbekistan
uzbekistan;victim.continent.name=Asia
tashkent;victim.city.name=Tashkent
tashkent;victim.country.name=Uzbekistan
tashkent;victim.continent.name=Asia
vietnam;victim.country.name=Vietnam
vietnam;victim.continent.name=Asia
hanoi;victim.city.name=Hanoi
hanoi;victim.country.name=Vietnam
hanoi;victim.continent.name=Asia
yemen;victim.country.name=Yemen
yemen;victim.continent.name=Asia
sana'a;victim.city.name=Sana'a
sana'a;victim.country.name=Yemen
sana'a;victim.continent.name=Asia
europe;victim.continent.name=Europe
albania;victim.country.name=Albania
albania;victim.continent.name=Europe
tirana;victim.city.name=Tirana
tirana;victim.country.name=Albania
tirana;victim.continent.name=Europe
andorra;victim.country.name=Andorra
andorra;victim.continent.name=Europe
andorra,la,vella;victim.city.name=Andorra la Vella
andorra,la,vella;victim.country.name=Andorra
andorra,la,vella;victim.continent.name=Europe
austria;victim.country.name=Austria
austria;victim.continent.name=Europe
vienna;victim.city.name=Vienna
vienna;victim.country.name=Austria
vienna;victim.continent.name=Europe
belarus;victim.country.name=Belarus
belarus;victim.continent.name=Europe
minsk;victim.city.name=Minsk
minsk;victim.country.name=Belarus
minsk;victim.continent.name=Europe
belgium;victim.country.name=Belgium
belgium;victim.continent.name=Europe
brussels;victim.city.name=Brussels
brussels;victim.country.name=Belgium
brussels;victim.continent.name=Europe
bosnia,and,herzegovina;victim.country.name=Bosnia and Herzegovina
bosnia,and,herzegovina;victim.continent.name=Europe
sarajevo;victim.city.name=Sarajevo
sarajevo;victim.country.name=Bosnia and Herzegovina
sarajevo;victim.continent.name=Europe
bulgaria;victim.country.name=Bulgaria
bulgaria;victim.continent.name=Europe
sofia;victim.city.name=Sofia
sofia;victim.country.name=Bulgaria
sofia;victim.continent.name=Europe
croatia;victim.country.name=Croatia
croatia;victim.continent.name=Europe
zagreb;victim.city.name=Zagreb
zagreb;victim.country.name=Croatia
zagreb;victim.continent.name=Europe
cyprus;victim.country.name=Cyprus
cyprus;victim.continent.name=Europe
nicosia;victim.city.name=Nicosia
nicosia;victim.country.name=Cyprus
nicosia;victim.continent.name=Europe
czech,republic;victim.country.name=Czech Republic
czech,republic;victim.continent.name=Europe
prague;victim.city.name=Prague
prague;victim.country.name=Czech Republic
prague;victim.continent.name=Europe
denmark;victim.country.name=Denmark
denmark;victim.continent.name=Europe
copenhagen;victim.city.name=Copenhagen
copenhagen;victim.country.name=Denmark
copenhagen;victim.continent.name=Europe
estonia;victim.country.name=Estonia
estonia;victim.continent.name=Europe
tallinn;victim.city.name=Tallinn
tallinn;victim.country.name=Estonia
tallinn;victim.continent.name=Europe
finland;victim.country.name=Finland
finland;victim.continent.name=Europe
helsinki;victim.city.name=Helsinki
helsinki;victim.country.name=Finland
helsinki;victim.continent.name=Europe
georgia;victim.country.name=Georgia
georgia;victim.continent.name=Europe
tbilisi;victim.city.name=Tbilisi
tbilisi;victim.country.name=Georgia
tbilisi;victim.continent.name=Europe
germany;victim.country.name=Germany
germany;victim.continent.name=Europe
berlin;victim.city.name=Berlin
berlin;victim.country.name=Germany
berlin;victim.continent.name=Europe
greece;victim.country.name=Greece
greece;victim.continent.name=Europe
athens;victim.city.name=Athens
athens;victim.country.name=Greece
athens;victim.continent.name=Europe
hungary;victim.country.name=Hungary
hungary;victim.continent.name=Europe
budapest;victim.city.name=Budapest
budapest;victim.country.name=Hungary
budapest;victim.continent.name=Europe
iceland;victim.country.name=Iceland
iceland;victim.continent.name=Europe
reykjavik;victim.city.name=Reykjavik
reykjavik;victim.country.name=Iceland
reykjavik;victim.continent.name=Europe
republic,of,ireland;victim.country.name=Republic of Ireland
republic,of,ireland;victim.continent.name=Europe
dublin;victim.city.name=Dublin
dublin;victim.country.name=Republic of Ireland
dublin;victim.continent.name=Europe
italy;victim.country.name=Italy
italy;victim.continent.name=Europe
rome;victim.city.name=Rome
rome;victim.country.name=Italy
rome;victim.continent.name=Europe
kosovo;victim.country.name=Kosovo
kosovo;victim.continent.name=Europe
latvia;victim.country.name=Latvia
latvia;victim.continent.name=Europe
riga;victim.city.name=Riga
riga;victim.country.name=Latvia
riga;victim.continent.name=Europe
liechtenstein;victim.country.name=Liechtenstein
liechtenstein;victim.continent.name=Europe
vaduz;victim.city.name=Vaduz
vaduz;victim.country.name=Liechtenstein
vaduz;victim.continent.name=Europe
lithuania;victim.country.name=Lithuania
lithuania;victim.continent.name=Europe
vilnius;victim.city.name=Vilnius
vilnius;victim.country.name=Lithuania
vilnius;victim.continent.name=Europe
luxembourg;victim.country.name=Luxembourg
luxembourg;victim.continent.name=Europe
luxembourg,city;victim.city.name=Luxembourg City
luxembourg,city;victim.country.name=Luxembourg
luxembourg,city;victim.continent.name=Europe
north,macedonia;victim.country.name=North Macedonia
north,macedonia;victim.continent.name=Europe
skopje;victim.city.name=Skopje
skopje;victim.country.name=North Macedonia
skopje;victim.continent.name=Europe
malta;victim.country.name=Malta
malta;victim.continent.name=Europe
valletta;victim.city.name=Valletta
valletta;victim.country.name=Malta
valletta;victim.continent.name=Europe
moldova;victim.country.name=Moldova
moldova;victim.continent.name=Europe
chisinau;victim.city.name=Chisinau
chisinau;victim.country.name=Moldova
chisinau;victim.continent.name=Europe
monaco;victim.country.name=Monaco
monaco;victim.continent.name=Europe
montenegro;victim.country.name=Montenegro
montenegro;victim.continent.name=Europe
podgorica;victim.city.name=Podgorica
podgorica;victim.country.name=Montenegro
podgorica;victim.continent.name=Europe
netherlands;victim.country.name=Netherlands
netherlands;victim.continent.name=Europe
amsterdam;victim.city.name=Amsterdam
amsterdam;victim.country.name=Netherlands
amsterdam;victim.continent.name=Europe
norway;victim.country.name=Norway
norway;victim.continent.name=Europe
oslo;victim.city.name=Oslo
oslo;victim.country.name=Norway
oslo;victim.continent.name=Europe
poland;victim.country.name=Poland
poland;victim.continent.name=Europe
warsaw,poland;victim.city.name=Warsaw, Poland
warsaw,poland;victim.country.name=Poland
warsaw,poland;victim.continent.name=Europe
portugal;victim.country.name=Portugal
portugal;victim.continent.name=Europe
lisbon;victim.city.name=Lisbon
lisbon;victim.country.name=Portugal
lisbon;victim.continent.name=Europe
romania;victim.country.name=Romania
romania;victim.continent.name=Europe
bucharest;victim.city.name=Bucharest
bucharest;victim.country.name=Romania
bucharest;victim.continent.name=Europe
russia;victim.country.name=Russia
russia;victim.continent.name=Europe
moscow;victim.city.name=Moscow
moscow;victim.country.name=Russia
moscow;victim.continent.name=Europe
san,marino;victim.country.name=San Marino
san,marino;victim.continent.name=Europe
san,marino;victim.city.name=San Marino
san,marino;victim.country.name=San Marino
san,marino;victim.continent.name=Europe
serbia;victim.country.name=Serbia
serbia;victim.continent.name=Europe
belgrade;victim.city.name=Belgrade
belgrade;victim.country.name=Serbia
belgrade;victim.continent.name=Europe
slovakia;victim.country.name=Slovakia
slovakia;victim.continent.name=Europe
bratislava;victim.city.name=Bratislava
bratislava;victim.country.name=Slovakia
bratislava;victim.continent.name=Europe
slovenia;victim.country.name=Slovenia
slovenia;victim.continent.name=Europe
ljubljana;victim.city.name=Ljubljana
ljubljana;victim.country.name=Slovenia
ljubljana;victim.continent.name=Europe
france;victim.country.name=France
france;victim.continent.name=Europe
paris;victim.city.name=Paris
paris;victim.country.name=France
paris;victim.continent.name=Europe
spain;victim.country.name=Spain
spain;victim.continent.name=Europe
madrid;victim.city.name=Madrid
madrid;victim.country.name=Spain
madrid;victim.continent.name=Europe
sweden;victim.country.name=Sweden
sweden;victim.continent.name=Europe
stockholm;victim.city.name=Stockholm
stockholm;victim.country.name=Sweden
stockholm;victim.continent.name=Europe
switzerland;victim.country.name=Switzerland
switzerland;victim.continent.name=Europe
bern;victim.city.name=Bern
bern;victim.country.name=Switzerland
bern;victim.continent.name=Europe
turkey;victim.country.name=Turkey
turkey;victim.continent.name=Europe
ankara;victim.city.name=Ankara
ankara;victim.country.name=Turkey
ankara;victim.continent.name=Europe
ukraine;victim.country.name=Ukraine
ukraine;victim.continent.name=Europe
kyiv;victim.city.name=Kyiv
kyiv;victim.country.name=Ukraine
kyiv;victim.continent.name=Europe
united,kingdom;victim.country.name=United Kingdom
united,kingdom;victim.continent.name=Europe
london;victim.city.name=London
london;victim.country.name=United Kingdom
london;victim.continent.name=Europe
vatican,city;victim.country.name=Vatican City
vatican,city;victim.continent.name=Europe
vatican,city;victim.city.name=Vatican City
vatican,city;victim.country.name=Vatican City
vatican,city;victim.continent.name=Europe
north,and,central,america;victim.continent.name=North and Central America
canada;victim.country.name=Canada
canada;victim.continent.name=North and Central America
ottawa;victim.city.name=Ottawa
ottawa;victim.country.name=Canada
ottawa;victim.continent.name=North and Central America
mexico;victim.country.name=Mexico
mexico;victim.continent.name=North and Central America
mexico,city;victim.city.name=Mexico City
mexico,city;victim.country.name=Mexico
mexico,city;victim.continent.name=North and Central America
united,states,of,america;victim.country.name=United States of America
united,states,of,america;victim.continent.name=North and Central America
washington,district,of,columbia;victim.city.name=Washington, District of Columbia
washington,district,of,columbia;victim.country.name=United States of America
washington,district,of,columbia;victim.continent.name=North and Central America
navassa,island;victim.country.name=Navassa Island
navassa,island;victim.continent.name=North and Central America
washington,d,c,;victim.city.name=Washington, D.C.
washington,d,c,;victim.country.name=Navassa Island
washington,d,c,;victim.continent.name=North and Central America
puerto,rico;victim.country.name=Puerto Rico
puerto,rico;victim.continent.name=North and Central America
san,juan;victim.city.name=San Juan
san,juan;victim.country.name=Puerto Rico
san,juan;victim.continent.name=North and Central America
us,virgin,islands;victim.country.name=US Virgin Islands
us,virgin,islands;victim.continent.name=North and Central America
charlotte,amalie;victim.city.name=Charlotte Amalie
charlotte,amalie;victim.country.name=US Virgin Islands
charlotte,amalie;victim.continent.name=North and Central America
dominican,republic;victim.country.name=Dominican Republic
dominican,republic;victim.continent.name=North and Central America
santo,domingo;victim.city.name=Santo Domingo
santo,domingo;victim.country.name=Dominican Republic
santo,domingo;victim.continent.name=North and Central America
cuba;victim.country.name=Cuba
cuba;victim.continent.name=North and Central America
havana;victim.city.name=Havana
havana;victim.country.name=Cuba
havana;victim.continent.name=North and Central America
haiti;victim.country.name=Haiti
haiti;victim.continent.name=North and Central America
;victim.city.name=
;victim.country.name=Haiti
;victim.continent.name=North and Central America
belize;victim.country.name=Belize
belize;victim.continent.name=North and Central America
costa,rica;victim.country.name=Costa Rica
costa,rica;victim.continent.name=North and Central America
el,salvador;victim.country.name=El Salvador
el,salvador;victim.continent.name=North and Central America
guatemala;victim.country.name=Guatemala
guatemala;victim.continent.name=North and Central America
honduras;victim.country.name=Honduras
honduras;victim.continent.name=North and Central America
nicaragua;victim.country.name=Nicaragua
nicaragua;victim.continent.name=North and Central America
panama;victim.country.name=Panama
panama;victim.continent.name=North and Central America
trinidad,an,tobasco;victim.country.name=Trinidad an Tobasco
trinidad,an,tobasco;victim.continent.name=North and Central America
jamaica;victim.country.name=Jamaica
jamaica;victim.continent.name=North and Central America
and,many,more,countries,and,territories;victim.country.name=And many more countries and territories
and,many,more,countries,and,territories;victim.continent.name=North and Central America
south,america;victim.continent.name=South America
brazil;victim.country.name=Brazil
brazil;victim.continent.name=South America
brasília;victim.city.name=Brasília
brasília;victim.country.name=Brazil
brasília;victim.continent.name=South America
argentina;victim.country.name=Argentina
argentina;victim.continent.name=South America
buenos,aires;victim.city.name=Buenos Aires
buenos,aires;victim.country.name=Argentina
buenos,aires;victim.continent.name=South America
bolivia;victim.country.name=Bolivia
bolivia;victim.continent.name=South America
sucre;victim.city.name=Sucre
sucre;victim.country.name=Bolivia
sucre;victim.continent.name=South America
chile;victim.country.name=Chile
chile;victim.continent.name=South America
santiago,chile;victim.city.name=Santiago, Chile
santiago,chile;victim.country.name=Chile
santiago,chile;victim.continent.name=South America
colombia;victim.country.name=Colombia
colombia;victim.continent.name=South America
bogotá;victim.city.name=Bogotá
bogotá;victim.country.name=Colombia
bogotá;victim.continent.name=South America
ecuador;victim.country.name=Ecuador
ecuador;victim.continent.name=South America
quito;victim.city.name=Quito
quito;victim.country.name=Ecuador
quito;victim.continent.name=South America
falkland,islands;victim.country.name=Falkland Islands
falkland,islands;victim.continent.name=South America
stanley,falkland,islands;victim.city.name=Stanley, Falkland Islands
stanley,falkland,islands;victim.country.name=Falkland Islands
stanley,falkland,islands;victim.continent.name=South America
french,guiana;victim.country.name=French Guiana
french,guiana;victim.continent.name=South America
cayenne;victim.city.name=Cayenne
cayenne;victim.country.name=French Guiana
cayenne;victim.continent.name=South America
guyana;victim.country.name=Guyana
guyana;victim.continent.name=South America
georgetown;victim.city.name=Georgetown
georgetown;victim.country.name=Guyana
georgetown;victim.continent.name=South America
paraguay;victim.country.name=Paraguay
paraguay;victim.continent.name=South America
asuncion;victim.city.name=Asuncion
asuncion;victim.country.name=Paraguay
asuncion;victim.continent.name=South America
peru;victim.country.name=Peru
peru;victim.continent.name=South America
lima,peru;victim.city.name=Lima, Peru
lima,peru;victim.country.name=Peru
lima,peru;victim.continent.name=South America
south,georgia,and,the,south,sandwich,islands;victim.country.name=South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
south,georgia,and,the,south,sandwich,islands;victim.continent.name=South America
suriname;victim.country.name=Suriname
suriname;victim.continent.name=South America
paramaribo;victim.city.name=Paramaribo
paramaribo;victim.country.name=Suriname
paramaribo;victim.continent.name=South America
uruguay;victim.country.name=Uruguay
uruguay;victim.continent.name=South America
montevideo;victim.city.name=Montevideo
montevideo;victim.country.name=Uruguay
montevideo;victim.continent.name=South America
venezuela;victim.country.name=Venezuela
venezuela;victim.continent.name=South America
caracas;victim.city.name=Caracas
caracas;victim.country.name=Venezuela
caracas;victim.continent.name=South America
oceania;victim.continent.name=Oceania
australia;victim.country.name=Australia
australia;victim.continent.name=Oceania
canberra;victim.city.name=Canberra
canberra;victim.country.name=Australia
canberra;victim.continent.name=Oceania
fiji;victim.country.name=Fiji
fiji;victim.continent.name=Oceania
suva;victim.city.name=Suva
suva;victim.country.name=Fiji
suva;victim.continent.name=Oceania
new,zealand;victim.country.name=New Zealand
new,zealand;victim.continent.name=Oceania
wellington;victim.city.name=Wellington
wellington;victim.country.name=New Zealand
wellington;victim.continent.name=Oceania
federated,states,of,micronesia;victim.country.name=Federated States of Micronesia
federated,states,of,micronesia;victim.continent.name=Oceania
palikir;victim.city.name=Palikir
palikir;victim.country.name=Federated States of Micronesia
palikir;victim.continent.name=Oceania
kiribati;victim.country.name=Kiribati
kiribati;victim.continent.name=Oceania
south,tarawa;victim.city.name=South Tarawa
south,tarawa;victim.country.name=Kiribati
south,tarawa;victim.continent.name=Oceania
marshall,islands;victim.country.name=Marshall Islands
marshall,islands;victim.continent.name=Oceania
majuro;victim.city.name=Majuro
majuro;victim.country.name=Marshall Islands
majuro;victim.continent.name=Oceania
nauru;victim.country.name=Nauru
nauru;victim.continent.name=Oceania
yaren;victim.city.name=Yaren
yaren;victim.country.name=Nauru
yaren;victim.continent.name=Oceania
palau;victim.country.name=Palau
palau;victim.continent.name=Oceania
ngerulmud;victim.city.name=Ngerulmud
ngerulmud;victim.country.name=Palau
ngerulmud;victim.continent.name=Oceania
papua,new,guinea;victim.country.name=Papua New Guinea
papua,new,guinea;victim.continent.name=Oceania
port,moresby;victim.city.name=Port Moresby
port,moresby;victim.country.name=Papua New Guinea
port,moresby;victim.continent.name=Oceania
samoa;victim.country.name=Samoa
samoa;victim.continent.name=Oceania
apia;victim.city.name=Apia
apia;victim.country.name=Samoa
apia;victim.continent.name=Oceania
solomon,islands;victim.country.name=Solomon Islands
solomon,islands;victim.continent.name=Oceania
honiara;victim.city.name=Honiara
honiara;victim.country.name=Solomon Islands
honiara;victim.continent.name=Oceania
tonga;victim.country.name=Tonga
tonga;victim.continent.name=Oceania
nuku'alofa;victim.city.name=Nuku'alofa
nuku'alofa;victim.country.name=Tonga
nuku'alofa;victim.continent.name=Oceania
tuvalu;victim.country.name=Tuvalu
tuvalu;victim.continent.name=Oceania
funafuti;victim.city.name=Funafuti
funafuti;victim.country.name=Tuvalu
funafuti;victim.continent.name=Oceania
vanuatu;victim.country.name=Vanuatu
vanuatu;victim.continent.name=Oceania
port,vila;victim.city.name=Port Vila
port,vila;victim.country.name=Vanuatu
port,vila;victim.continent.name=Oceania
references;victim.continent.name=References
australia;victim.country.name=Australia
australia;victim.continent.name=References
flores;victim.country.name=Flores
flores;victim.continent.name=References
lombok;victim.country.name=Lombok
lombok;victim.continent.name=References
melanesia;victim.country.name=Melanesia
melanesia;victim.continent.name=References
new,caledonia;victim.country.name=New Caledonia
new,caledonia;victim.continent.name=References
new,guinea;victim.country.name=New Guinea
new,guinea;victim.continent.name=References
sulawesi;victim.country.name=Sulawesi
sulawesi;victim.continent.name=References
sumbawa;victim.country.name=Sumbawa
sumbawa;victim.continent.name=References
timor;victim.country.name=Timor
timor;victim.continent.name=References
