admin@338;threatactor.name=admin@338
ajax,security,team;threatactor.name=Ajax Security Team
operation,woolen,goldfish;threatactor.name=Ajax Security Team
ajaxtm;threatactor.name=Ajax Security Team
rocket,kitten;threatactor.name=Ajax Security Team
flying,kitten;threatactor.name=Ajax Security Team
operation,saffron,rose;threatactor.name=Ajax Security Team
andariel;threatactor.name=Andariel
silent,chollima;threatactor.name=Andariel
apt,c,36;threatactor.name=APT-C-36
blind,eagle;threatactor.name=APT-C-36
apt1;threatactor.name=APT1
comment,crew;threatactor.name=APT1
comment,group;threatactor.name=APT1
comment,panda;threatactor.name=APT1
apt12;threatactor.name=APT12
ixeshe;threatactor.name=APT12
dyncalc;threatactor.name=APT12
numbered,panda;threatactor.name=APT12
dnscalc;threatactor.name=APT12
apt16;threatactor.name=APT16
apt17;threatactor.name=APT17
deputy,dog;threatactor.name=APT17
apt18;threatactor.name=APT18
tg,0416;threatactor.name=APT18
dynamite,panda;threatactor.name=APT18
threat,group,0416;threatactor.name=APT18
apt19;threatactor.name=APT19
codoso;threatactor.name=APT19
c0d0so0;threatactor.name=APT19
codoso,team;threatactor.name=APT19
sunshop,group;threatactor.name=APT19
apt28;threatactor.name=APT28
snakemackerel;threatactor.name=APT28
swallowtail;threatactor.name=APT28
group,74;threatactor.name=APT28
sednit;threatactor.name=APT28
sofacy;threatactor.name=APT28
pawn,storm;threatactor.name=APT28
fancy,bear;threatactor.name=APT28
strontium;threatactor.name=APT28
tsar,team;threatactor.name=APT28
threat,group,4127;threatactor.name=APT28
tg,4127;threatactor.name=APT28
apt29;threatactor.name=APT29
noblebaron;threatactor.name=APT29
dark,halo;threatactor.name=APT29
stellarparticle;threatactor.name=APT29
nobelium;threatactor.name=APT29
unc2452;threatactor.name=APT29
yttrium;threatactor.name=APT29
the,dukes;threatactor.name=APT29
cozy,bear;threatactor.name=APT29
cozyduke;threatactor.name=APT29
apt3;threatactor.name=APT3
gothic,panda;threatactor.name=APT3
pirpi;threatactor.name=APT3
ups,team;threatactor.name=APT3
buckeye;threatactor.name=APT3
threat,group,0110;threatactor.name=APT3
tg,0110;threatactor.name=APT3
apt30;threatactor.name=APT30
apt32;threatactor.name=APT32
sealotus;threatactor.name=APT32
oceanlotus;threatactor.name=APT32
apt,c,00;threatactor.name=APT32
apt33;threatactor.name=APT33
holmium;threatactor.name=APT33
elfin;threatactor.name=APT33
apt37;threatactor.name=APT37
richochet,chollima;threatactor.name=APT37
inkysquid;threatactor.name=APT37
scarcruft;threatactor.name=APT37
reaper;threatactor.name=APT37
group123;threatactor.name=APT37
temp,reaper;threatactor.name=APT37
apt38;threatactor.name=APT38
nickel,gladstone;threatactor.name=APT38
beagleboyz;threatactor.name=APT38
bluenoroff;threatactor.name=APT38
stardust,chollima;threatactor.name=APT38
apt39;threatactor.name=APT39
remix,kitten;threatactor.name=APT39
itg07;threatactor.name=APT39
chafer;threatactor.name=APT39
apt41;threatactor.name=APT41
wicked,panda;threatactor.name=APT41
axiom;threatactor.name=Axiom
group,72;threatactor.name=Axiom
backdoordiplomacy;threatactor.name=BackdoorDiplomacy
blackoasis;threatactor.name=BlackOasis
blacktech;threatactor.name=BlackTech
blue,mockingbird;threatactor.name=Blue Mockingbird
bouncing,golf;threatactor.name=Bouncing Golf
bronze,butler;threatactor.name=BRONZE BUTLER
redbaldknight;threatactor.name=BRONZE BUTLER
tick;threatactor.name=BRONZE BUTLER
carbanak;threatactor.name=Carbanak
anunak;threatactor.name=Carbanak
chimera;threatactor.name=Chimera
cleaver;threatactor.name=Cleaver
threat,group,2889;threatactor.name=Cleaver
tg,2889;threatactor.name=Cleaver
cobalt,group;threatactor.name=Cobalt Group
gold,kingswood;threatactor.name=Cobalt Group
cobalt,gang;threatactor.name=Cobalt Group
cobalt,spider;threatactor.name=Cobalt Group
copykittens;threatactor.name=CopyKittens
costaricto;threatactor.name=CostaRicto
dark,caracal;threatactor.name=Dark Caracal
darkhotel;threatactor.name=Darkhotel
dubnium;threatactor.name=Darkhotel
darkhydrus;threatactor.name=DarkHydrus
darkvishnya;threatactor.name=DarkVishnya
deep,panda;threatactor.name=Deep Panda
shell,crew;threatactor.name=Deep Panda
webmasters;threatactor.name=Deep Panda
kungfu,kittens;threatactor.name=Deep Panda
pinkpanther;threatactor.name=Deep Panda
black,vine;threatactor.name=Deep Panda
dragonfly;threatactor.name=Dragonfly
tg,4192;threatactor.name=Dragonfly
crouching,yeti;threatactor.name=Dragonfly
iron,liberty;threatactor.name=Dragonfly
energetic,bear;threatactor.name=Dragonfly
dragonfly,2,0;threatactor.name=Dragonfly 2.0
iron,liberty;threatactor.name=Dragonfly 2.0
dymalloy;threatactor.name=Dragonfly 2.0
berserk,bear;threatactor.name=Dragonfly 2.0
dragonok;threatactor.name=DragonOK
dust,storm;threatactor.name=Dust Storm
elderwood;threatactor.name=Elderwood
elderwood,gang;threatactor.name=Elderwood
beijing,group;threatactor.name=Elderwood
sneaky,panda;threatactor.name=Elderwood
equation;threatactor.name=Equation
evilnum;threatactor.name=Evilnum
ferocious,kitten;threatactor.name=Ferocious Kitten
fin10;threatactor.name=FIN10
fin4;threatactor.name=FIN4
fin5;threatactor.name=FIN5
fin6;threatactor.name=FIN6
magecart,group,6;threatactor.name=FIN6
skeleton,spider;threatactor.name=FIN6
itg08;threatactor.name=FIN6
fin7;threatactor.name=FIN7
gold,niagara;threatactor.name=FIN7
itg14;threatactor.name=FIN7
carbon,spider;threatactor.name=FIN7
fin8;threatactor.name=FIN8
fox,kitten;threatactor.name=Fox Kitten
unc757;threatactor.name=Fox Kitten
pioneer,kitten;threatactor.name=Fox Kitten
parisite;threatactor.name=Fox Kitten
frankenstein;threatactor.name=Frankenstein
gallium;threatactor.name=GALLIUM
operation,soft,cell;threatactor.name=GALLIUM
gallmaker;threatactor.name=Gallmaker
gamaredon,group;threatactor.name=Gamaredon Group
gcman;threatactor.name=GCMAN
gold,southfield;threatactor.name=GOLD SOUTHFIELD
gorgon,group;threatactor.name=Gorgon Group
group5;threatactor.name=Group5
hafnium;threatactor.name=HAFNIUM
operation,exchange,marauder;threatactor.name=HAFNIUM
higaisa;threatactor.name=Higaisa
honeybee;threatactor.name=Honeybee
inception;threatactor.name=Inception
inception,framework;threatactor.name=Inception
cloud,atlas;threatactor.name=Inception
indigozebra;threatactor.name=IndigoZebra
indrik,spider;threatactor.name=Indrik Spider
evil,corp;threatactor.name=Indrik Spider
ke3chang;threatactor.name=Ke3chang
apt15;threatactor.name=Ke3chang
mirage;threatactor.name=Ke3chang
vixen,panda;threatactor.name=Ke3chang
gref;threatactor.name=Ke3chang
playful,dragon;threatactor.name=Ke3chang
royalapt;threatactor.name=Ke3chang
kimsuky;threatactor.name=Kimsuky
stolen,pencil;threatactor.name=Kimsuky
thallium;threatactor.name=Kimsuky
black,banshee;threatactor.name=Kimsuky
velvet,chollima;threatactor.name=Kimsuky
lazarus,group;threatactor.name=Lazarus Group
hidden,cobra;threatactor.name=Lazarus Group
guardians,of,peace;threatactor.name=Lazarus Group
zinc;threatactor.name=Lazarus Group
nickel,academy;threatactor.name=Lazarus Group
leafminer;threatactor.name=Leafminer
raspite;threatactor.name=Leafminer
leviathan;threatactor.name=Leviathan
mudcarp;threatactor.name=Leviathan
kryptonite,panda;threatactor.name=Leviathan
gadolinium;threatactor.name=Leviathan
bronze,mohawk;threatactor.name=Leviathan
temp,jumper;threatactor.name=Leviathan
apt40;threatactor.name=Leviathan
temp,periscope;threatactor.name=Leviathan
lotus,blossom;threatactor.name=Lotus Blossom
dragonfish;threatactor.name=Lotus Blossom
spring,dragon;threatactor.name=Lotus Blossom
machete;threatactor.name=Machete
apt,c,43;threatactor.name=Machete
el,machete;threatactor.name=Machete
magic,hound;threatactor.name=Magic Hound
ta453;threatactor.name=Magic Hound
cobalt,illusion;threatactor.name=Magic Hound
charming,kitten;threatactor.name=Magic Hound
itg18;threatactor.name=Magic Hound
phosphorus;threatactor.name=Magic Hound
newscaster;threatactor.name=Magic Hound
apt35;threatactor.name=Magic Hound
menupass;threatactor.name=menuPass
cicada;threatactor.name=menuPass
potassium;threatactor.name=menuPass
stone,panda;threatactor.name=menuPass
apt10;threatactor.name=menuPass
red,apollo;threatactor.name=menuPass
cvnx;threatactor.name=menuPass
hogfish;threatactor.name=menuPass
moafee;threatactor.name=Moafee
mofang;threatactor.name=Mofang
molerats;threatactor.name=Molerats
operation,molerats;threatactor.name=Molerats
gaza,cybergang;threatactor.name=Molerats
muddywater;threatactor.name=MuddyWater
earth,vetala;threatactor.name=MuddyWater
mercury;threatactor.name=MuddyWater
static,kitten;threatactor.name=MuddyWater
seedworm;threatactor.name=MuddyWater
temp,zagros;threatactor.name=MuddyWater
mustang,panda;threatactor.name=Mustang Panda
ta416;threatactor.name=Mustang Panda
reddelta;threatactor.name=Mustang Panda
bronze,president;threatactor.name=Mustang Panda
naikon;threatactor.name=Naikon
neodymium;threatactor.name=NEODYMIUM
night,dragon;threatactor.name=Night Dragon
nomadic,octopus;threatactor.name=Nomadic Octopus
dustsquad;threatactor.name=Nomadic Octopus
oilrig;threatactor.name=OilRig
cobalt,gypsy;threatactor.name=OilRig
irn2;threatactor.name=OilRig
helix,kitten;threatactor.name=OilRig
apt34;threatactor.name=OilRig
operation,wocao;threatactor.name=Operation Wocao
orangeworm;threatactor.name=Orangeworm
patchwork;threatactor.name=Patchwork
hangover,group;threatactor.name=Patchwork
dropping,elephant;threatactor.name=Patchwork
chinastrats;threatactor.name=Patchwork
monsoon;threatactor.name=Patchwork
operation,hangover;threatactor.name=Patchwork
pittytiger;threatactor.name=PittyTiger
platinum;threatactor.name=PLATINUM
poseidon,group;threatactor.name=Poseidon Group
promethium;threatactor.name=PROMETHIUM
strongpity;threatactor.name=PROMETHIUM
putter,panda;threatactor.name=Putter Panda
apt2;threatactor.name=Putter Panda
msupdater;threatactor.name=Putter Panda
rancor;threatactor.name=Rancor
rocke;threatactor.name=Rocke
rtm;threatactor.name=RTM
sandworm,team;threatactor.name=Sandworm Team
electrum;threatactor.name=Sandworm Team
telebots;threatactor.name=Sandworm Team
iron,viking;threatactor.name=Sandworm Team
blackenergy,(group);threatactor.name=Sandworm Team
quedagh;threatactor.name=Sandworm Team
voodoo,bear;threatactor.name=Sandworm Team
scarlet,mimic;threatactor.name=Scarlet Mimic
sharpshooter;threatactor.name=Sharpshooter
sidewinder;threatactor.name=Sidewinder
t,apt,04;threatactor.name=Sidewinder
rattlesnake;threatactor.name=Sidewinder
silence;threatactor.name=Silence
whisper,spider;threatactor.name=Silence
silent,librarian;threatactor.name=Silent Librarian
ta407;threatactor.name=Silent Librarian
cobalt,dickens;threatactor.name=Silent Librarian
silverterrier;threatactor.name=SilverTerrier
sowbug;threatactor.name=Sowbug
stealth,falcon;threatactor.name=Stealth Falcon
strider;threatactor.name=Strider
projectsauron;threatactor.name=Strider
suckfly;threatactor.name=Suckfly
ta459;threatactor.name=TA459
ta505;threatactor.name=TA505
hive0065;threatactor.name=TA505
ta551;threatactor.name=TA551
gold,cabin;threatactor.name=TA551
shathak;threatactor.name=TA551
teamtnt;threatactor.name=TeamTNT
temp,veles;threatactor.name=TEMP.Veles
xenotime;threatactor.name=TEMP.Veles
the,white,company;threatactor.name=The White Company
threat,group,1314;threatactor.name=Threat Group-1314
tg,1314;threatactor.name=Threat Group-1314
threat,group,3390;threatactor.name=Threat Group-3390
tg,3390;threatactor.name=Threat Group-3390
emissary,panda;threatactor.name=Threat Group-3390
bronze,union;threatactor.name=Threat Group-3390
apt27;threatactor.name=Threat Group-3390
iron,tiger;threatactor.name=Threat Group-3390
luckymouse;threatactor.name=Threat Group-3390
thrip;threatactor.name=Thrip
tonto,team;threatactor.name=Tonto Team
earth,akhlut;threatactor.name=Tonto Team
bronze,huntley;threatactor.name=Tonto Team
cactuspete;threatactor.name=Tonto Team
karma,panda;threatactor.name=Tonto Team
transparent,tribe;threatactor.name=Transparent Tribe
copper,fieldstone;threatactor.name=Transparent Tribe
apt36;threatactor.name=Transparent Tribe
mythic,leopard;threatactor.name=Transparent Tribe
projectm;threatactor.name=Transparent Tribe
tropic,trooper;threatactor.name=Tropic Trooper
pirate,panda;threatactor.name=Tropic Trooper
keyboy;threatactor.name=Tropic Trooper
turla;threatactor.name=Turla
group,88;threatactor.name=Turla
belugasturgeon;threatactor.name=Turla
waterbug;threatactor.name=Turla
whitebear;threatactor.name=Turla
venomous,bear;threatactor.name=Turla
snake;threatactor.name=Turla
krypton;threatactor.name=Turla
volatile,cedar;threatactor.name=Volatile Cedar
lebanese,cedar;threatactor.name=Volatile Cedar
whitefly;threatactor.name=Whitefly
windigo;threatactor.name=Windigo
windshift;threatactor.name=Windshift
bahamut;threatactor.name=Windshift
winnti,group;threatactor.name=Winnti Group
blackfly;threatactor.name=Winnti Group
wirte;threatactor.name=WIRTE
wizard,spider;threatactor.name=Wizard Spider
unc1878;threatactor.name=Wizard Spider
temp,mixmaster;threatactor.name=Wizard Spider
grim,spider;threatactor.name=Wizard Spider
zirconium;threatactor.name=ZIRCONIUM
apt31;threatactor.name=ZIRCONIUM
