3para,rat;action.malware.name=3PARA RAT
4h,rat;action.malware.name=4H RAT
abk;action.malware.name=ABK
adbupd;action.malware.name=adbupd
adfind;action.malware.name=AdFind
adups;action.malware.name=Adups
advstoreshell;action.malware.name=ADVSTORESHELL
azzy;action.malware.name=ADVSTORESHELL
eviltoss;action.malware.name=ADVSTORESHELL
netui;action.malware.name=ADVSTORESHELL
sedreco;action.malware.name=ADVSTORESHELL
agent,smith;action.malware.name=Agent Smith
agent,tesla;action.malware.name=Agent Tesla
agent,btz;action.malware.name=Agent.btz
allwinner;action.malware.name=Allwinner
anchor;action.malware.name=Anchor
anchor_dns;action.malware.name=Anchor
android,addisplay,ashas;action.malware.name=Android/AdDisplay.Ashas
android,chuli,a;action.malware.name=Android/Chuli.A
androidos,mallocker,b;action.malware.name=AndroidOS/MalLocker.B
androidos_anserver,a;action.malware.name=ANDROIDOS_ANSERVER.A
androrat;action.malware.name=AndroRAT
anubis;action.malware.name=Anubis
applejeus;action.malware.name=AppleJeus
appleseed;action.malware.name=AppleSeed
aria,body;action.malware.name=Aria-body
arp;action.malware.name=Arp
arp,exe;action.malware.name=Arp
asacub;action.malware.name=Asacub
trojan,sms,androidos,smaps;action.malware.name=Asacub
aspxspy;action.malware.name=ASPXSpy
aspxtool;action.malware.name=ASPXSpy
astaroth;action.malware.name=Astaroth
guildma;action.malware.name=Astaroth
at;action.malware.name=at
at,exe;action.malware.name=at
attor;action.malware.name=Attor
auditcred;action.malware.name=AuditCred
roptimizer;action.malware.name=AuditCred
autoit,backdoor;action.malware.name=AutoIt backdoor
avaddon;action.malware.name=Avaddon
avenger;action.malware.name=Avenger
azorult;action.malware.name=Azorult
babuk;action.malware.name=Babuk
babyk;action.malware.name=Babuk
vasa,locker;action.malware.name=Babuk
babyshark;action.malware.name=BabyShark
backconfig;action.malware.name=BackConfig
backdoor,oldrea;action.malware.name=Backdoor.Oldrea
havex;action.malware.name=Backdoor.Oldrea
backspace;action.malware.name=BACKSPACE
lecna;action.malware.name=BACKSPACE
bad,rabbit;action.malware.name=Bad Rabbit
win32,diskcoder,d;action.malware.name=Bad Rabbit
badcall;action.malware.name=BADCALL
badflick;action.malware.name=BADFLICK
badnews;action.malware.name=BADNEWS
badpatch;action.malware.name=BadPatch
bandook;action.malware.name=Bandook
bankshot;action.malware.name=Bankshot
trojan,manuscript;action.malware.name=Bankshot
bazar;action.malware.name=Bazar
kegtap;action.malware.name=Bazar
team9;action.malware.name=Bazar
bbk;action.malware.name=BBK
bbsrat;action.malware.name=BBSRAT
bendybear;action.malware.name=BendyBear
biscuit;action.malware.name=BISCUIT
bisonal;action.malware.name=Bisonal
bitpaymer;action.malware.name=BitPaymer
wp_encrypt;action.malware.name=BitPaymer
friedex;action.malware.name=BitPaymer
bitsadmin;action.malware.name=BITSAdmin
blackcoffee;action.malware.name=BLACKCOFFEE
blackenergy;action.malware.name=BlackEnergy
black,energy;action.malware.name=BlackEnergy
blackmould;action.malware.name=BlackMould
blindingcan;action.malware.name=BLINDINGCAN
bloodhound;action.malware.name=BloodHound
bluelight;action.malware.name=BLUELIGHT
bonadan;action.malware.name=Bonadan
bondupdater;action.malware.name=BONDUPDATER
boombox;action.malware.name=BoomBox
boostwrite;action.malware.name=BOOSTWRITE
bootrash;action.malware.name=BOOTRASH
boxcaon;action.malware.name=BoxCaon
braintest;action.malware.name=BrainTest
brave,prince;action.malware.name=Brave Prince
bread;action.malware.name=Bread
joker;action.malware.name=Bread
briba;action.malware.name=Briba
bs2005;action.malware.name=BS2005
bubblewrap;action.malware.name=BUBBLEWRAP
backdoor,apt,fakewinhttphelper;action.malware.name=BUBBLEWRAP
build_downer;action.malware.name=build_downer
bundlore;action.malware.name=Bundlore
osx,bundlore;action.malware.name=Bundlore
busygasper;action.malware.name=BusyGasper
cachedump;action.malware.name=Cachedump
cadelspy;action.malware.name=Cadelspy
calendar;action.malware.name=CALENDAR
calisto;action.malware.name=Calisto
callme;action.malware.name=CallMe
cannon;action.malware.name=Cannon
carbanak;action.malware.name=Carbanak
anunak;action.malware.name=Carbanak
carberp;action.malware.name=Carberp
carbon;action.malware.name=Carbon
carbonsteal;action.malware.name=CarbonSteal
cardinal,rat;action.malware.name=Cardinal RAT
carrotball;action.malware.name=CARROTBALL
carrotbat;action.malware.name=CARROTBAT
catchamas;action.malware.name=Catchamas
caterpillar,webshell;action.malware.name=Caterpillar WebShell
ccbkdr;action.malware.name=CCBkdr
cerberus;action.malware.name=Cerberus
certutil;action.malware.name=certutil
certutil,exe;action.malware.name=certutil
chaes;action.malware.name=Chaes
chaos;action.malware.name=Chaos
charger;action.malware.name=Charger
chches;action.malware.name=ChChes
scorpion;action.malware.name=ChChes
haymaker;action.malware.name=ChChes
chemistgames;action.malware.name=CHEMISTGAMES
cherry,picker;action.malware.name=Cherry Picker
china,chopper;action.malware.name=China Chopper
chopstick;action.malware.name=CHOPSTICK
backdoor,sofacyx;action.malware.name=CHOPSTICK
splm;action.malware.name=CHOPSTICK
xagent;action.malware.name=CHOPSTICK
x,agent;action.malware.name=CHOPSTICK
webhp;action.malware.name=CHOPSTICK
circles;action.malware.name=Circles
clop;action.malware.name=Clop
cloudduke;action.malware.name=CloudDuke
minidionis;action.malware.name=CloudDuke
cloudlook;action.malware.name=CloudDuke
cmd;action.malware.name=cmd
cmd,exe;action.malware.name=cmd
cobalt,strike;action.malware.name=Cobalt Strike
cobian,rat;action.malware.name=Cobian RAT
cointicker;action.malware.name=CoinTicker
comnie;action.malware.name=Comnie
comrat;action.malware.name=ComRAT
concipit1248;action.malware.name=Concipit1248
corona,updates;action.malware.name=Concipit1248
conficker;action.malware.name=Conficker
kido;action.malware.name=Conficker
downadup;action.malware.name=Conficker
connectwise;action.malware.name=ConnectWise
screenconnect;action.malware.name=ConnectWise
conti;action.malware.name=Conti
cookieminer;action.malware.name=CookieMiner
coraldeck;action.malware.name=CORALDECK
coreshell;action.malware.name=CORESHELL
sofacy;action.malware.name=CORESHELL
sourface;action.malware.name=CORESHELL
corona,updates;action.malware.name=Corona Updates
wabi,music;action.malware.name=Corona Updates
concipit1248;action.malware.name=Corona Updates
cosmicduke;action.malware.name=CosmicDuke
tinybaron;action.malware.name=CosmicDuke
botgenstudios;action.malware.name=CosmicDuke
nemesisgemina;action.malware.name=CosmicDuke
costabricks;action.malware.name=CostaBricks
cozycar;action.malware.name=CozyCar
cozyduke;action.malware.name=CozyCar
cozybear;action.malware.name=CozyCar
cozer;action.malware.name=CozyCar
euroapt;action.malware.name=CozyCar
crackmapexec;action.malware.name=CrackMapExec
crimson;action.malware.name=Crimson
msil,crimson;action.malware.name=Crimson
crossrat;action.malware.name=CrossRAT
crutch;action.malware.name=Crutch
cryptoistic;action.malware.name=Cryptoistic
cspy,downloader;action.malware.name=CSPY Downloader
cuba;action.malware.name=Cuba
dacls;action.malware.name=Dacls
darkcomet;action.malware.name=DarkComet
darkkomet;action.malware.name=DarkComet
fynloski;action.malware.name=DarkComet
krademok;action.malware.name=DarkComet
fynlos;action.malware.name=DarkComet
daserf;action.malware.name=Daserf
muirim;action.malware.name=Daserf
nioupale;action.malware.name=Daserf
ddkong;action.malware.name=DDKONG
dealerschoice;action.malware.name=DealersChoice
deathransom;action.malware.name=DEATHRANSOM
defensor,id;action.malware.name=DEFENSOR ID
dendroid;action.malware.name=Dendroid
denis;action.malware.name=Denis
derusbi;action.malware.name=Derusbi
photo;action.malware.name=Derusbi
desert,scorpion;action.malware.name=Desert Scorpion
dipsind;action.malware.name=Dipsind
dogcall;action.malware.name=DOGCALL
dok;action.malware.name=Dok
retefe;action.malware.name=Dok
doki;action.malware.name=Doki
doubleagent;action.malware.name=DoubleAgent
down_new;action.malware.name=down_new
downdelph;action.malware.name=Downdelph
delphacy;action.malware.name=Downdelph
downpaper;action.malware.name=DownPaper
dresscode;action.malware.name=DressCode
dridex;action.malware.name=Dridex
bugat,v5;action.malware.name=Dridex
droidjack;action.malware.name=DroidJack
dropbook;action.malware.name=DropBook
drovorub;action.malware.name=Drovorub
dsquery;action.malware.name=dsquery
dsquery,exe;action.malware.name=dsquery
dtrack;action.malware.name=Dtrack
dualtoy;action.malware.name=DualToy
duqu;action.malware.name=Duqu
dustysky;action.malware.name=DustySky
ned,worm;action.malware.name=DustySky
dvmap;action.malware.name=Dvmap
dyre;action.malware.name=Dyre
dyzap;action.malware.name=Dyre
dyreza;action.malware.name=Dyre
ebury;action.malware.name=Ebury
eccentricbandwagon;action.malware.name=ECCENTRICBANDWAGON
ecipekac;action.malware.name=Ecipekac
heavyhand;action.malware.name=Ecipekac
sigloader;action.malware.name=Ecipekac
desloader;action.malware.name=Ecipekac
egregor;action.malware.name=Egregor
ekans;action.malware.name=EKANS
snakehose;action.malware.name=EKANS
elise;action.malware.name=Elise
bkdr_esile;action.malware.name=Elise
page;action.malware.name=Elise
elmer;action.malware.name=ELMER
emissary;action.malware.name=Emissary
emotet;action.malware.name=Emotet
geodo;action.malware.name=Emotet
empire;action.malware.name=Empire
empyre;action.malware.name=Empire
powershell,empire;action.malware.name=Empire
envyscout;action.malware.name=EnvyScout
epic;action.malware.name=Epic
tavdig;action.malware.name=Epic
wipbot;action.malware.name=Epic
worldcupsec;action.malware.name=Epic
tadjmakhal;action.malware.name=Epic
esentutl;action.malware.name=esentutl
esentutl,exe;action.malware.name=esentutl
esurv;action.malware.name=eSurv
eventbot;action.malware.name=EventBot
evilbunny;action.malware.name=EvilBunny
evilgrab;action.malware.name=EvilGrab
evilnum;action.malware.name=EVILNUM
exaramel,for,linux;action.malware.name=Exaramel for Linux
exaramel,for,windows;action.malware.name=Exaramel for Windows
exobot;action.malware.name=Exobot
marcher;action.malware.name=Exobot
exodus;action.malware.name=Exodus
exodus,one;action.malware.name=Exodus
exodus,two;action.malware.name=Exodus
expand;action.malware.name=Expand
explosive;action.malware.name=Explosive
fakem;action.malware.name=FakeM
fakespy;action.malware.name=FakeSpy
fallchill;action.malware.name=FALLCHILL
fatduke;action.malware.name=FatDuke
felismus;action.malware.name=Felismus
felixroot;action.malware.name=FELIXROOT
greyenergy,mini;action.malware.name=FELIXROOT
fgdump;action.malware.name=Fgdump
final1stspy;action.malware.name=Final1stspy
finfisher;action.malware.name=FinFisher
finspy;action.malware.name=FinFisher
fivehands;action.malware.name=FIVEHANDS
flame;action.malware.name=Flame
flamer;action.malware.name=Flame
skywiper;action.malware.name=Flame
flashflood;action.malware.name=FLASHFLOOD
flawedammyy;action.malware.name=FlawedAmmyy
flawedgrace;action.malware.name=FlawedGrace
flexispy;action.malware.name=FlexiSpy
flipside;action.malware.name=FLIPSIDE
forfiles;action.malware.name=Forfiles
frameworkpos;action.malware.name=FrameworkPOS
trinity;action.malware.name=FrameworkPOS
frozencell;action.malware.name=FrozenCell
fruitfly;action.malware.name=FruitFly
ftp;action.malware.name=FTP
ftp,exe;action.malware.name=FTP
fyanti;action.malware.name=FYAnti
dilljuice,stage2;action.malware.name=FYAnti
fysbis;action.malware.name=Fysbis
gazer;action.malware.name=Gazer
whitebear;action.malware.name=Gazer
geminiduke;action.malware.name=GeminiDuke
get2;action.malware.name=Get2
gh0st,rat;action.malware.name=gh0st RAT
ginp;action.malware.name=Ginp
glooxmail;action.malware.name=GLOOXMAIL
trojan,gtalk;action.malware.name=GLOOXMAIL
gold,dragon;action.malware.name=Gold Dragon
golden,cup;action.malware.name=Golden Cup
goldeneagle;action.malware.name=GoldenEagle
goldenspy;action.malware.name=GoldenSpy
goldfinder;action.malware.name=GoldFinder
goldmax;action.malware.name=GoldMax
sunshuttle;action.malware.name=GoldMax
golfspy;action.malware.name=GolfSpy
gooligan;action.malware.name=Gooligan
ghost,push;action.malware.name=Gooligan
goopy;action.malware.name=Goopy
gplayed;action.malware.name=GPlayed
grandoreiro;action.malware.name=Grandoreiro
gravityrat;action.malware.name=GravityRAT
greyenergy;action.malware.name=GreyEnergy
griffon;action.malware.name=GRIFFON
grimagent;action.malware.name=GrimAgent
gsecdump;action.malware.name=gsecdump
guloader;action.malware.name=GuLoader
gustuff;action.malware.name=Gustuff
h1n1;action.malware.name=H1N1
hacking,team,uefi,rootkit;action.malware.name=Hacking Team UEFI Rootkit
halfbaked;action.malware.name=HALFBAKED
hammertoss;action.malware.name=HAMMERTOSS
hammerduke;action.malware.name=HAMMERTOSS
netduke;action.malware.name=HAMMERTOSS
hancitor;action.malware.name=Hancitor
chanitor;action.malware.name=Hancitor
happywork;action.malware.name=HAPPYWORK
hardrain;action.malware.name=HARDRAIN
havij;action.malware.name=Havij
hawkball;action.malware.name=HAWKBALL
hcdloader;action.malware.name=hcdLoader
hdoor;action.malware.name=HDoor
custom,hdoor;action.malware.name=HDoor
hellokitty;action.malware.name=HELLOKITTY
helminth;action.malware.name=Helminth
henbox;action.malware.name=HenBox
hi,zor;action.malware.name=Hi-Zor
hiddenwasp;action.malware.name=HiddenWasp
hidedrv;action.malware.name=HIDEDRV
hikit;action.malware.name=Hikit
hildegard;action.malware.name=Hildegard
homefry;action.malware.name=HOMEFRY
hoplight;action.malware.name=HOPLIGHT
hotcroissant;action.malware.name=HotCroissant
htran;action.malware.name=HTRAN
huc,packet,transmit,tool;action.malware.name=HTRAN
httpbrowser;action.malware.name=HTTPBrowser
token,control;action.malware.name=HTTPBrowser
httpdump;action.malware.name=HTTPBrowser
httpclient;action.malware.name=httpclient
hummingbad;action.malware.name=HummingBad
hummingwhale;action.malware.name=HummingWhale
hydraq;action.malware.name=Hydraq
aurora;action.malware.name=Hydraq
9002,rat;action.malware.name=Hydraq
hyperbro;action.malware.name=HyperBro
hyperstack;action.malware.name=HyperStack
icedid;action.malware.name=IcedID
ifconfig;action.malware.name=ifconfig
ikitten;action.malware.name=iKitten
osx,macdownloader;action.malware.name=iKitten
imminent,monitor;action.malware.name=Imminent Monitor
impacket;action.malware.name=Impacket
industroyer;action.malware.name=Industroyer
crashoverride;action.malware.name=Industroyer
win32,industroyer;action.malware.name=Industroyer
innaputrat;action.malware.name=InnaputRAT
insomnia;action.malware.name=INSOMNIA
invisimole;action.malware.name=InvisiMole
invoke,psimage;action.malware.name=Invoke-PSImage
ipconfig;action.malware.name=ipconfig
ipconfig,exe;action.malware.name=ipconfig
ironnetinjector;action.malware.name=IronNetInjector
isminjector;action.malware.name=ISMInjector
ixeshe;action.malware.name=Ixeshe
janicab;action.malware.name=Janicab
javali;action.malware.name=Javali
jcry;action.malware.name=JCry
jhuhugit;action.malware.name=JHUHUGIT
trojan,sofacy;action.malware.name=JHUHUGIT
seduploader;action.malware.name=JHUHUGIT
jkeyskw;action.malware.name=JHUHUGIT
sednit;action.malware.name=JHUHUGIT
gamefish;action.malware.name=JHUHUGIT
sofacycarberp;action.malware.name=JHUHUGIT
jpin;action.malware.name=JPIN
jrat;action.malware.name=jRAT
jsocket;action.malware.name=jRAT
alienspy;action.malware.name=jRAT
frutas;action.malware.name=jRAT
sockrat;action.malware.name=jRAT
unrecom;action.malware.name=jRAT
jfrutas;action.malware.name=jRAT
adwind;action.malware.name=jRAT
jbifrost;action.malware.name=jRAT
trojan,maljava;action.malware.name=jRAT
jss,loader;action.malware.name=JSS Loader
judy;action.malware.name=Judy
karae;action.malware.name=KARAE
kasidet;action.malware.name=Kasidet
kazuar;action.malware.name=Kazuar
kerrdown;action.malware.name=Kerrdown
kessel;action.malware.name=Kessel
keyboy;action.malware.name=KeyBoy
keydnap;action.malware.name=Keydnap
osx,keydnap;action.malware.name=Keydnap
keymarble;action.malware.name=KEYMARBLE
keyraider;action.malware.name=KeyRaider
kgh_spy;action.malware.name=KGH_SPY
kgh_spy;action.malware.name=KGH_SPY
killdisk;action.malware.name=KillDisk
win32,killdisk,nbi;action.malware.name=KillDisk
win32,killdisk,nbh;action.malware.name=KillDisk
win32,killdisk,nbd;action.malware.name=KillDisk
win32,killdisk,nbc;action.malware.name=KillDisk
win32,killdisk,nbb;action.malware.name=KillDisk
kinsing;action.malware.name=Kinsing
kivars;action.malware.name=Kivars
koadic;action.malware.name=Koadic
kobalos;action.malware.name=Kobalos
komplex;action.malware.name=Komplex
komprogo;action.malware.name=KOMPROGO
konni;action.malware.name=KONNI
kwampirs;action.malware.name=Kwampirs
lazagne;action.malware.name=LaZagne
lightneuron;action.malware.name=LightNeuron
linfo;action.malware.name=Linfo
linux,rabbit;action.malware.name=Linux Rabbit
liteduke;action.malware.name=LiteDuke
lockergoga;action.malware.name=LockerGoga
lojax;action.malware.name=LoJax
lokibot;action.malware.name=Lokibot
lookback;action.malware.name=LookBack
loudminer;action.malware.name=LoudMiner
lowball;action.malware.name=LOWBALL
lslsass;action.malware.name=Lslsass
lucifer;action.malware.name=Lucifer
lurid;action.malware.name=Lurid
enfal;action.malware.name=Lurid
machete;action.malware.name=Machete
pyark;action.malware.name=Machete
macspy;action.malware.name=MacSpy
mailsniper;action.malware.name=MailSniper
mandrake;action.malware.name=Mandrake
oxide;action.malware.name=Mandrake
briar;action.malware.name=Mandrake
ricinus;action.malware.name=Mandrake
darkmatter;action.malware.name=Mandrake
marcher;action.malware.name=Marcher
markirat;action.malware.name=MarkiRAT
matryoshka;action.malware.name=Matryoshka
mazarbot;action.malware.name=MazarBOT
maze;action.malware.name=Maze
mcmd;action.malware.name=MCMD
mechaflounder;action.malware.name=MechaFlounder
meek;action.malware.name=meek
megacortex;action.malware.name=MegaCortex
melcoz;action.malware.name=Melcoz
messagetap;action.malware.name=MESSAGETAP
metamorfo;action.malware.name=Metamorfo
casbaneiro;action.malware.name=Metamorfo
micropsia;action.malware.name=Micropsia
mimikatz;action.malware.name=Mimikatz
mimipenguin;action.malware.name=MimiPenguin
miner,c;action.malware.name=Miner-C
mal,miner,c;action.malware.name=Miner-C
photominer;action.malware.name=Miner-C
miniduke;action.malware.name=MiniDuke
miragefox;action.malware.name=MirageFox
mis,type;action.malware.name=Mis-Type
misdat;action.malware.name=Misdat
mivast;action.malware.name=Mivast
mobileorder;action.malware.name=MobileOrder
molenet;action.malware.name=MoleNet
monokle;action.malware.name=Monokle
moonwind;action.malware.name=MoonWind
more_eggs;action.malware.name=More_eggs
skid;action.malware.name=More_eggs
terra,loader;action.malware.name=More_eggs
spicyomelette;action.malware.name=More_eggs
mosquito;action.malware.name=Mosquito
murkytop;action.malware.name=MURKYTOP
naid;action.malware.name=Naid
nanhaishu;action.malware.name=NanHaiShu
nanocore;action.malware.name=NanoCore
nativezone;action.malware.name=NativeZone
navrat;action.malware.name=NavRAT
nbtscan;action.malware.name=NBTscan
nbtstat;action.malware.name=nbtstat
nbtstat,exe;action.malware.name=nbtstat
ndiskmonitor;action.malware.name=NDiskMonitor
nebulae;action.malware.name=Nebulae
nerex;action.malware.name=Nerex
net;action.malware.name=Net
net,exe;action.malware.name=Net
net,crawler;action.malware.name=Net Crawler
netc;action.malware.name=Net Crawler
neteagle;action.malware.name=NETEAGLE
netsh;action.malware.name=netsh
netsh,exe;action.malware.name=netsh
netstat;action.malware.name=netstat
netstat,exe;action.malware.name=netstat
nettraveler;action.malware.name=NetTraveler
netwalker;action.malware.name=Netwalker
netwire;action.malware.name=NETWIRE
ngrok;action.malware.name=Ngrok
nidiran;action.malware.name=Nidiran
backdoor,nidiran;action.malware.name=Nidiran
njrat;action.malware.name=njRAT
njw0rm;action.malware.name=njRAT
lv;action.malware.name=njRAT
bladabindi;action.malware.name=njRAT
nltest;action.malware.name=Nltest
nokki;action.malware.name=NOKKI
notcompatible;action.malware.name=NotCompatible
notpetya;action.malware.name=NotPetya
expetr;action.malware.name=NotPetya
diskcoder,c;action.malware.name=NotPetya
goldeneye;action.malware.name=NotPetya
petrwrap;action.malware.name=NotPetya
nyetya;action.malware.name=NotPetya
obad;action.malware.name=OBAD
obliquerat;action.malware.name=ObliqueRAT
oceansalt;action.malware.name=OceanSalt
octopus;action.malware.name=Octopus
okrum;action.malware.name=Okrum
oldbait;action.malware.name=OLDBAIT
sasfis;action.malware.name=OLDBAIT
oldboot;action.malware.name=OldBoot
olympic,destroyer;action.malware.name=Olympic Destroyer
onionduke;action.malware.name=OnionDuke
oopsie;action.malware.name=OopsIE
orz;action.malware.name=Orz
airbreak;action.malware.name=Orz
osinfo;action.malware.name=OSInfo
osx,shlayer;action.malware.name=OSX/Shlayer
zshlayer;action.malware.name=OSX/Shlayer
crossrider;action.malware.name=OSX/Shlayer
osx_oceanlotus,d;action.malware.name=OSX_OCEANLOTUS.D
backdoor,macos,oceanlotus,f;action.malware.name=OSX_OCEANLOTUS.D
out1;action.malware.name=Out1
owaauth;action.malware.name=OwaAuth
p,a,s,,webshell;action.malware.name=P.A.S. Webshell
fobushell;action.malware.name=P.A.S. Webshell
p2p,zeus;action.malware.name=P2P ZeuS
peer,to,peer,zeus;action.malware.name=P2P ZeuS
gameover,zeus;action.malware.name=P2P ZeuS
p8rat;action.malware.name=P8RAT
heavypot;action.malware.name=P8RAT
greetcake;action.malware.name=P8RAT
pallas;action.malware.name=Pallas
pasam;action.malware.name=Pasam
pass,the,hash,toolkit;action.malware.name=Pass-The-Hash Toolkit
pay2key;action.malware.name=Pay2Key
pegasus,for,android;action.malware.name=Pegasus for Android
chrysaor;action.malware.name=Pegasus for Android
pegasus,for,ios;action.malware.name=Pegasus for iOS
penquin;action.malware.name=Penquin
penquin,2,0;action.malware.name=Penquin
penquin_x64;action.malware.name=Penquin
peppy;action.malware.name=Peppy
phoreal;action.malware.name=PHOREAL
pillowmint;action.malware.name=Pillowmint
pinchduke;action.malware.name=PinchDuke
ping;action.malware.name=Ping
ping;action.malware.name=Ping
pipemon;action.malware.name=PipeMon
pisloader;action.malware.name=Pisloader
pjapps;action.malware.name=PJApps
plaintee;action.malware.name=PLAINTEE
plead;action.malware.name=PLEAD
plugx;action.malware.name=PlugX
destroyrat;action.malware.name=PlugX
sogu;action.malware.name=PlugX
kaba;action.malware.name=PlugX
korplug;action.malware.name=PlugX
pngdowner;action.malware.name=pngdowner
poetrat;action.malware.name=PoetRAT
poisonivy;action.malware.name=PoisonIvy
poison,ivy;action.malware.name=PoisonIvy
darkmoon;action.malware.name=PoisonIvy
polyglotduke;action.malware.name=PolyglotDuke
pony;action.malware.name=Pony
pooraim;action.malware.name=POORAIM
poshc2;action.malware.name=PoshC2
poshspy;action.malware.name=POSHSPY
power,loader;action.malware.name=Power Loader
win32,agent,uaw;action.malware.name=Power Loader
powerduke;action.malware.name=PowerDuke
powershower;action.malware.name=PowerShower
powersource;action.malware.name=POWERSOURCE
dnsmessenger;action.malware.name=POWERSOURCE
powersploit;action.malware.name=PowerSploit
powerstallion;action.malware.name=PowerStallion
powerstats;action.malware.name=POWERSTATS
powermud;action.malware.name=POWERSTATS
powerton;action.malware.name=POWERTON
powruner;action.malware.name=POWRUNER
prikormka;action.malware.name=Prikormka
prolock;action.malware.name=ProLock
proton;action.malware.name=Proton
proxysvc;action.malware.name=Proxysvc
ps1;action.malware.name=PS1
ps1;action.malware.name=PS1
psexec;action.malware.name=PsExec
psylo;action.malware.name=Psylo
pteranodon;action.malware.name=Pteranodon
punchbuggy;action.malware.name=PUNCHBUGGY
shelltea;action.malware.name=PUNCHBUGGY
punchtrack;action.malware.name=PUNCHTRACK
psvc;action.malware.name=PUNCHTRACK
pupy;action.malware.name=Pupy
pwdump;action.malware.name=pwdump
pysa;action.malware.name=Pysa
mespinoza;action.malware.name=Pysa
qakbot;action.malware.name=QakBot
pinkslipbot;action.malware.name=QakBot
quackbot;action.malware.name=QakBot
qbot;action.malware.name=QakBot
quadagent;action.malware.name=QUADAGENT
quasarrat;action.malware.name=QuasarRAT
xrat;action.malware.name=QuasarRAT
ragnar,locker;action.malware.name=Ragnar Locker
raindrop;action.malware.name=Raindrop
rainyday;action.malware.name=RainyDay
ramsay;action.malware.name=Ramsay
rarstone;action.malware.name=RARSTONE
ratankba;action.malware.name=RATANKBA
rawdisk;action.malware.name=RawDisk
rawpos;action.malware.name=RawPOS
fiendcry;action.malware.name=RawPOS
duebrew;action.malware.name=RawPOS
driftwood;action.malware.name=RawPOS
rcsandroid;action.malware.name=RCSAndroid
rdat;action.malware.name=RDAT
rdat;action.malware.name=RDAT
rdfsniffer;action.malware.name=RDFSNIFFER
reaver;action.malware.name=Reaver
red,alert,2,0;action.malware.name=Red Alert 2.0
reddrop;action.malware.name=RedDrop
redleaves;action.malware.name=RedLeaves
bugjuice;action.malware.name=RedLeaves
reg;action.malware.name=Reg
reg,exe;action.malware.name=Reg
regduke;action.malware.name=RegDuke
regin;action.malware.name=Regin
remcos;action.malware.name=Remcos
remexi;action.malware.name=Remexi
remotecmd;action.malware.name=RemoteCMD
remoteutilities;action.malware.name=RemoteUtilities
remsec;action.malware.name=Remsec
backdoor,remsec;action.malware.name=Remsec
projectsauron;action.malware.name=Remsec
responder;action.malware.name=Responder
revenge,rat;action.malware.name=Revenge RAT
revil;action.malware.name=REvil
sodin;action.malware.name=REvil
sodinokibi;action.malware.name=REvil
rgdoor;action.malware.name=RGDoor
rifdoor;action.malware.name=Rifdoor
riltok;action.malware.name=Riltok
riptide;action.malware.name=RIPTIDE
rising,sun;action.malware.name=Rising Sun
robbinhood;action.malware.name=RobbinHood
rockboot;action.malware.name=ROCKBOOT
roguerobin;action.malware.name=RogueRobin
rokrat;action.malware.name=ROKRAT
rotexy;action.malware.name=Rotexy
route;action.malware.name=route
route,exe;action.malware.name=route
rover;action.malware.name=Rover
rtm;action.malware.name=RTM
redaman;action.malware.name=RTM
ruler;action.malware.name=Ruler
rumms;action.malware.name=RuMMS
runningrat;action.malware.name=RunningRAT
ryuk;action.malware.name=Ryuk
s,type;action.malware.name=S-Type
sakula;action.malware.name=Sakula
sakurel;action.malware.name=Sakula
viper;action.malware.name=Sakula
samsam;action.malware.name=SamSam
samas;action.malware.name=SamSam
schtasks;action.malware.name=schtasks
schtasks,exe;action.malware.name=schtasks
sdbbot;action.malware.name=SDBbot
sdelete;action.malware.name=SDelete
seaduke;action.malware.name=SeaDuke
seadaddy;action.malware.name=SeaDuke
seadesk;action.malware.name=SeaDuke
seasalt;action.malware.name=Seasalt
seasharpee;action.malware.name=SEASHARPEE
servhelper;action.malware.name=ServHelper
seth,locker;action.malware.name=Seth-Locker
shadowpad;action.malware.name=ShadowPad
poisonplug,shadow;action.malware.name=ShadowPad
shamoon;action.malware.name=Shamoon
disttrack;action.malware.name=Shamoon
sharpstage;action.malware.name=SharpStage
sharpstats;action.malware.name=SHARPSTATS
shiftybug;action.malware.name=ShiftyBug
shimrat;action.malware.name=ShimRat
shimratreporter;action.malware.name=ShimRatReporter
shipshape;action.malware.name=SHIPSHAPE
shotput;action.malware.name=SHOTPUT
backdoor,apt,cookiecutter;action.malware.name=SHOTPUT
pirpi;action.malware.name=SHOTPUT
shutterspeed;action.malware.name=SHUTTERSPEED
sibot;action.malware.name=Sibot
sidetwist;action.malware.name=SideTwist
silkbean;action.malware.name=SilkBean
siloscape;action.malware.name=Siloscape
simbad;action.malware.name=SimBad
skeleton,key;action.malware.name=Skeleton Key
skidmap;action.malware.name=Skidmap
skygofree;action.malware.name=Skygofree
sliver;action.malware.name=Sliver
slothfulmedia;action.malware.name=SLOTHFULMEDIA
jackofhearts;action.malware.name=SLOTHFULMEDIA
queenofclubs;action.malware.name=SLOTHFULMEDIA
slowdrift;action.malware.name=SLOWDRIFT
smoke,loader;action.malware.name=Smoke Loader
dofoil;action.malware.name=Smoke Loader
smokedham;action.malware.name=SMOKEDHAM
snugride;action.malware.name=SNUGRIDE
socksbot;action.malware.name=Socksbot
sodamaster;action.malware.name=SodaMaster
darktown;action.malware.name=SodaMaster
dfls;action.malware.name=SodaMaster
delfscake;action.malware.name=SodaMaster
sombrat;action.malware.name=SombRAT
sorefang;action.malware.name=SoreFang
soundbite;action.malware.name=SOUNDBITE
spaceship;action.malware.name=SPACESHIP
spark;action.malware.name=Spark
speakup;action.malware.name=SpeakUp
spicyomelette;action.malware.name=SpicyOmelette
spwebmember;action.malware.name=spwebmember
spydealer;action.malware.name=SpyDealer
spynote,rat;action.malware.name=SpyNote RAT
sqlmap;action.malware.name=sqlmap
sqlrat;action.malware.name=SQLRat
sslmm;action.malware.name=SslMM
starloader;action.malware.name=Starloader
stealth,mango;action.malware.name=Stealth Mango
stonedrill;action.malware.name=StoneDrill
dropshot;action.malware.name=StoneDrill
streamex;action.malware.name=StreamEx
strongpity;action.malware.name=StrongPity
stuxnet;action.malware.name=Stuxnet
w32,stuxnet;action.malware.name=Stuxnet
sunburst;action.malware.name=SUNBURST
solorigate;action.malware.name=SUNBURST
sunspot;action.malware.name=SUNSPOT
supernova;action.malware.name=SUPERNOVA
sykipot;action.malware.name=Sykipot
synack;action.malware.name=SynAck
synful,knock;action.malware.name=SYNful Knock
sys10;action.malware.name=Sys10
syscon;action.malware.name=SYSCON
systeminfo;action.malware.name=Systeminfo
systeminfo;action.malware.name=Systeminfo
t9000;action.malware.name=T9000
taidoor;action.malware.name=Taidoor
taintedscribe;action.malware.name=TAINTEDSCRIBE
tajmahal;action.malware.name=TajMahal
tangelo;action.malware.name=Tangelo
tasklist;action.malware.name=Tasklist
tdtess;action.malware.name=TDTESS
teardrop;action.malware.name=TEARDROP
terracotta;action.malware.name=TERRACOTTA
textmate;action.malware.name=TEXTMATE
dnsmessenger;action.malware.name=TEXTMATE
thiefquest;action.malware.name=ThiefQuest
macransom,k;action.malware.name=ThiefQuest
evilquest;action.malware.name=ThiefQuest
tiktok,pro;action.malware.name=Tiktok Pro
tinytyphon;action.malware.name=TINYTYPHON
tinyzbot;action.malware.name=TinyZBot
tor;action.malware.name=Tor
triada;action.malware.name=Triada
trickbot;action.malware.name=TrickBot
totbrick;action.malware.name=TrickBot
tspy_trickload;action.malware.name=TrickBot
trickmo;action.malware.name=TrickMo
trojan,sms,androidos,agent,ao;action.malware.name=Trojan-SMS.AndroidOS.Agent.ao
trojan,sms,androidos,fakeinst,a;action.malware.name=Trojan-SMS.AndroidOS.FakeInst.a
trojan,sms,androidos,opfake,a;action.malware.name=Trojan-SMS.AndroidOS.OpFake.a
trojan,karagany;action.malware.name=Trojan.Karagany
xfrost;action.malware.name=Trojan.Karagany
karagany;action.malware.name=Trojan.Karagany
trojan,mebromi;action.malware.name=Trojan.Mebromi
truvasys;action.malware.name=Truvasys
tscookie;action.malware.name=TSCookie
turian;action.malware.name=Turian
turnedup;action.malware.name=TURNEDUP
twitoor;action.malware.name=Twitoor
typeframe;action.malware.name=TYPEFRAME
uacme;action.malware.name=UACMe
uboatrat;action.malware.name=UBoatRAT
umbreon;action.malware.name=Umbreon
unknown,logger;action.malware.name=Unknown Logger
uppercut;action.malware.name=UPPERCUT
anel;action.malware.name=UPPERCUT
uroburos;action.malware.name=Uroburos
ursnif;action.malware.name=Ursnif
gozi,isfb;action.malware.name=Ursnif
pe_ursnif;action.malware.name=Ursnif
dreambot;action.malware.name=Ursnif
usbferry;action.malware.name=USBferry
usbstealer;action.malware.name=USBStealer
usb,stealer;action.malware.name=USBStealer
win32,usbstealer;action.malware.name=USBStealer
valak;action.malware.name=Valak
vaporrage;action.malware.name=VaporRage
vasport;action.malware.name=Vasport
vbshower;action.malware.name=VBShower
vermin;action.malware.name=VERMIN
viceleaker;action.malware.name=ViceLeaker
triout;action.malware.name=ViceLeaker
viperrat;action.malware.name=ViperRAT
volgmer;action.malware.name=Volgmer
wannacry;action.malware.name=WannaCry
wanacry;action.malware.name=WannaCry
wanacrypt;action.malware.name=WannaCry
wanacrypt0r;action.malware.name=WannaCry
wcry;action.malware.name=WannaCry
wastedlocker;action.malware.name=WastedLocker
waterbear;action.malware.name=Waterbear
webc2;action.malware.name=WEBC2
wellmail;action.malware.name=WellMail
wellmess;action.malware.name=WellMess
wevtutil;action.malware.name=Wevtutil
wiarp;action.malware.name=Wiarp
windows,credential,editor;action.malware.name=Windows Credential Editor
wce;action.malware.name=Windows Credential Editor
windshield;action.malware.name=WINDSHIELD
windtail;action.malware.name=WindTail
winerack;action.malware.name=WINERACK
winexe;action.malware.name=Winexe
wingbird;action.malware.name=Wingbird
winmm;action.malware.name=WinMM
winnti,for,linux;action.malware.name=Winnti for Linux
winnti,for,windows;action.malware.name=Winnti for Windows
wiper;action.malware.name=Wiper
wirelurker;action.malware.name=WireLurker
wolfrat;action.malware.name=WolfRAT
x,agent,for,android;action.malware.name=X-Agent for Android
xagentosx;action.malware.name=XAgentOSX
osx,sofacy;action.malware.name=XAgentOSX
xbash;action.malware.name=Xbash
xbot;action.malware.name=Xbot
xcaon;action.malware.name=xCaon
xcmd;action.malware.name=xCmd
xcodeghost;action.malware.name=XcodeGhost
xcsset;action.malware.name=XCSSET
osx,dubrobber;action.malware.name=XCSSET
xloader,for,android;action.malware.name=XLoader for Android
xloader,for,ios;action.malware.name=XLoader for iOS
xtunnel;action.malware.name=XTunnel
trojan,shunnael;action.malware.name=XTunnel
x,tunnel;action.malware.name=XTunnel
xaps;action.malware.name=XTunnel
yahoyah;action.malware.name=YAHOYAH
yispecter;action.malware.name=YiSpecter
yty;action.malware.name=yty
zebrocy;action.malware.name=Zebrocy
zekapab;action.malware.name=Zebrocy
zen;action.malware.name=Zen
zerghelper;action.malware.name=ZergHelper
zeroaccess;action.malware.name=Zeroaccess
trojan,zeroaccess;action.malware.name=Zeroaccess
zerot;action.malware.name=ZeroT
zeus,panda;action.malware.name=Zeus Panda
zlib;action.malware.name=ZLib
zwshell;action.malware.name=zwShell
zxshell;action.malware.name=ZxShell
sensocode;action.malware.name=ZxShell
